Nicer ambulances, faster response times and better looking drivers mean they're not just the Emergency Services, they're your Emergency Services. Uh... okay, well, the button on the side, is it glowing? It's my term for my time of the month. Oh. What time of the month? The weekend? While he was eating, did you hear anyone laughing? Like... in the kitchen area? Yes! Yes I did, actually, yes I did. That'd be trouser food! See the driver hooks a function by patching the system call table, so its not safe to unload it unless another thread's about to jump in there and do its stuff, and you don't want to end up in the middle of invalid memory! Might want to play a bit hard to get.

Carrie, Moss! First scene in Carrie! Oh. Okay We don't need no education. Yes you do. You've just used a double negative. Unbelievable! Some idiot disabled his firewall, meaning all the computers on Seven are teeming with viruses, plus I've just had to walk all the way down the motherfudging stairs, because the lifts are broken AGAIN! Nicer ambulances, faster response times and better looking drivers mean they're not just the Emergency Services, they're your Emergency Services. Yes! If there were such a thing as a drudgeon, that is what we'd be to them. I don't see how they couldn't just keep it as it was. How hard is it to remember 911?

See the driver hooks a function by patching the system call table, so its not safe to unload it unless another thread's about to jump in there and do its stuff, and you don't want to end up in the middle of invalid memory! We don't need no education. Yes you do. You've just used a double negative. Oh my God. I didn't even know Smarties made a cereal. They don't. It's just Smarties in a bowl with milk. It's my term for my time of the month. Oh. What time of the month? The weekend? They just toss us away like yesterday's jam. Uh... okay, well, the button on the side, is it glowing?

Graphic homoeroticism? Does that mean they're going to get them out? OK. Moss, what did you have for breakfast this morning? Smarties cereal. A story of a young man trying to find his sexuality in the uncaring Thatcher years. Warning: Contains scenes of graphic homoeroticism. I mean, they have no respect for us up there! No respect whatsoever! We're all just drudgeons to them! He's had quite an evening. Someone stole his wheelchair. Did you see who it was? Red bearded man. It's like they're pally-wally with us when there's a problem with their printer, but once it's fixed...